Support for tidb. (#3)
pingcap/public_bi_benchmark: README.md

# Public BI benchmark for TiDB

> ## 数据集大小

Reviewer: Please use English. You can write these introduction in the Chinese version.

There are 46 workbooks containing 206 tables (.csv files) with the total size of 41 GB compressed and 386 GB uncompressed.

## 使用方法
```
go run main.go [download|prepare|run|cleanup]: 
  -P int

>     	MySQL Port (default 3306)

Reviewer: How about setting the default port to 4000?

  -c value
    	test case you want to benchmark
  -d string
    	MySQL database (default "test")
  -h string
    	MySQL Host (default "127.0.0.1")
  -i string
    	input benchmark resource (default "./benchmark")
  -ignore-run-error
    	Ignore errors when run
  -o string
    	output directory to save cvs files and logs (default "./var")
  -p string
    	MySQL Password
  -sample
    	Use sample to test

>   -u string

Reviewer: How about reorg the options like this:
1. options used to connect the database server.
2. options used to control the test behavior.

# Public BI benchmark for TiDB

## Data Size

There are 46 workbooks containing 206 tables (.csv files) with the total size of 41 GB compressed and 386 GB uncompressed.

## Usage
```
go run main.go [download|prepare|run|cleanup]: 
//options used to connect the database server.
  -P int
    	MySQL Port (default 4000)
  -d string
    	MySQL database (default "test")
  -h string
    	MySQL Host (default "127.0.0.1")
  -u string
    	MySQL User (default "root")
  -p string
    	MySQL Password
//options used to control the test behavior.
  -c value
    	test case you want to benchmark
  -i string
    	input benchmark resource (default "./benchmark")
  -o string
    	output directory to save cvs files and logs (default "./var")
  -sample
    	Use sample to test
  -ignore-run-error
    	Ignore errors when running
```
Hint：

1. When using sample to test, you can run `prepare` directly without `download` .

> 2. When using datasets to test, I recommend to download datasets in other ways first, and use options `-o` to select file directory. ( Maybe the download speed is too slow, VPN or downloading from internal server can work well.) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When using datasets to test, download datasets in other ways first, use options `-o` to select file directory. (Maybe the download speed is too slow, VPN or downloading from internal server can work well.) 
```

## Status

> For running the bench in TiDB, I have adjusted some datasets and SQL queries. The adjustment is as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For running the benchmark in TiDB, some datasets and SQL queries are adjusted. The adjustment is as follows.
```

### Delate datasets:
'Wins' and 'USCensus' （The number of columns is greater than 512.）

> In workbook 'Wins' , there are 13 queries. 

Reviewer: ```
Datasets 'Wins' and 'USCensus' （The number of columns is greater than 512.）are deleted.
* In workbook 'Wins' , there are 13 queries. 
* In workbook 'USCensus' , there are 8 queries.
```

In workbook 'USCensus' , there are 8 queries.

### Adjust SQL queries:
Change `cast xx as bigint` to `cast xx as signed`

> ### Delate SQL queries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deleted SQL queries:
```
